#labels python,game,Featured
=Tank war - A game in turtle module of python=

= Introduction =


This game is designed using turtle module in python 2.6.6 . It was designed as a part of mc121 (a course in python at iiser -k ) project in the session 2010-11.

Tank War V1.0 is a game where you guide your tank to victory through intelligence and
cunning. You accomplish this by choosing the optimum speed and angle that the missile
will follow. The missile originates at the tank and will follow whatever speed and angle you
lay out. The object of the game is to hit the target zone and to ultimately destroy the
computer.
The score bar is set to the middle position at beginning . The more accurately you hit the
target you score points and the score bar increases. A missed target will penalize you and
the score bar moves left.
Your aim is to move the score bar to the extreme right. Then you WIN.
If the score bar moves to the extreme left, you LOSE.

CONTROLS
Power
Power is a the control slide bar. It sets the power with which the missile is bombarded. You
can drag the power bar with the left mouse button and set the power in the range 0-100.
In order to set the power, click the red scroll bar on the bottom of the screen.
Angle
Angle has set of 2 controls. It sets the bombardment angle for the missile. The angle can
be set by left clicking the controls.
In order to set the angle, click the command button of angle on the bottom of the screen.
A lower angle sets towards 0 degree and the higher sets it towards 360 degree.
Move
The tank can be moved to a certain extent using the move command buttons.
Using the left button for movement towards left and the right for right movement you can
move your tank to the desired place.
Fire
Fire command button is used to spawn the missile with the set setting for power, angle and
position
OTHER
The projectile of the missile is guided also by the drag of the air . So consider that before
spawning your missile.

You should run Tank War V1.0 in full screen mode by clicking the maximize button.

